



Week 6: 3-26 2018 18:00 - 23:00
        We got a ton done tonight.  I know that I haven't been writing or reporting in here but that is
        not because I haven't been busy.  Quite the contrary.  To date, I have acquired $750.00 of funding
        from NASA Space Grant($500) and Dr. Caldwell($250).  Though that seems like a lot, I believe that I'm
        about $1200 into the project at this point.  3 orders to Servo city, a trip to Ft. Collins Hobby Town,
        visiting Kubicheck, kashinsky, monday meetings at the house, an order tonight to McMaster Carr for 
        latex tubing for the sweeper and cable ties.  5 or six trips to Ace hardware, a trip to
        Home depot in Cheyenne.  The house is a mess, the basement is taken over.  Sawing with a coping saw,
        tapping and threading aluminum, sanding catcher wheels.  Trying to determine what parts we'll need
        from an online shopping cart.  Electrical connections, wrong motors, parts purchased I can't use, cutting
        of fingers with a razon blade, basically obcessing about the robot for weeks on end.
        
        Ok, so toninght it was Tom who came by at 18:00 and then Phil arrived at 19:00.  We worked on integrating
        the PixyCam on the front of the robot and using the Seeeduino/Leonardo with the Roboclaw controller.
        By the end of the night Phil and I had managed to get the robot to behave at a rudimentary level and 
        stop when it got too close to the ball, do coordinated turns and behave in an non-erratic manner.  This was
        a milestone for sure.
        
        TODO:  The sweeper needs a timing pulley belt.  They(ServoCity) say that you should measure center to center
        on the shafts that you are going to put the pulley over.
        
        Another thing, Studica whom we ordered the dual ball bearings from does not tell you that they are out of 
        stock, so I ordered those bearings to no avail, waited 6-days and if I had not followed up with them I would
        have never known and had to wait weeks or longer for them to tell me. ughhh!
        

Week 5:even more was done.
Week 4: even more was done

Week 3: a lot was done

Week 2: 2-5 to 2/9 
Mon: We met at the house.(address undisclosed except to participants in group text).
     Meeting was delayed until about 7:15pm due to my obligation to take the Praxis Computer science exam.
     Attendees were: Phil, Jake and myself. Pizza was made available to the attendees
     Worked on getting the development environment setup on Phil's computer(Windows).
     The entire Zumo robot with Seeeduino was assembeled and is working.
     We learned that the Seeeduino needs a micro USB cord and not all cords are created equally.
     Having some problem with the noise, as the robot wakes up and seems to be erratic in its behavior.
     Phil mentioned that he believed the environment was too noisy.
     WAITING: Word back from the Wyoming Space Grant Consortium.  The signs are promising for a $500 educator grant.
     If the grant is obtained we need to determine how to wisely, spend the funds for the most effect.
     TODO: Test training the robot in a less noisy color environment.
     TODO: Try out the robot on the gripper/non-slip material
     TODO: Complete the Mac development environment setup.
     TODO: Where do we go from here?  How do we upscale the robot?  What did we learn from the small robot?

Week 1: 1-29 to 2/2 (Groundhog Day)
Mon: We met in Engineering 2011(or something).
     Talked about the standup meetings a.k.a. SCRUM
     I forgot my glasses.  Finally had them brought to me
     After quite some time was able to perform the pan/tilt demo with
     the PixyMon Software.  
     TODO: Need to figure out how to get the Arduino talking with the Pixy Camera.(The code does this)
     DID: Wrote to Wyoming space grant consortium asking for an educator grant to help with expenses.
     TODO: Need to put together the Zumo Arduino platform.

Week 0: 1-22-2018 
and then I did more . . . 


