Week 13:
  Got together with the group and got the robot functional with RC so we could demo it for the presentation. 
  Spent the remainder of the time getting the powerPoint ready for the presentation and decided who's going 
  to talk about what
Week 12:
  Took the robot to the tennis courts for some trial runs. It's working the way it should be but still
  room for improvement. Would like to have more time to get the logic of the robot where it needs to
  be. Still operates pretty dumb and just circles till it locates a ball and goes after it.
Week 11:
  Worked on the code quite a bit. Tried to determine the best way for the robot to search for balls when
  it doesn't have any in sight. Investigated into gps or some beacons to determine the best way for the 
  robot to search the entire court. Localization seems to be a pretty big problem to overcome. As for 
  now we've decided to have the robot circle in place until it locates a ball.
Week 10:
  Did a lot of planning on how exactly the elevator was going to work and where the balls were going
  to be stored. 
Week 9:
  Was out of town.
Week 8:
  Robot parts arrived. Paul did a lot of the work building the robot so far. Managed to get it running
  With RC. we figured this would be a good start just so we can see how everything's going to run. Got it
  talking with the pixycam. It follows the ball for the most part. We're going to need to run it on an actual
  tennis court for better results. Need to dive into the code to get it to do what we need it to. 
Week 5-7:
  Haven't done much. Waiting for the parts to arrive so we can begin building the robot. 
Week 4:
  Got with the group and discussed parts well need. Ordered all the material. Messed around with the pixycam to try and get 
  To follow the ball a little more efficiently. 
Week 3:
  Getting the robot to follow a ball seems to be more of a challenge than expected. Doing some research into configuring
  pixycam to follow the ball more efficiently. Also, doing some research into running our own motors from the arduino 
  so we can scale the robot up from its small version. 

Week 2:
  Met with paul and jake. Installed pixymon and arduino IDE downloaded on my laptop. 
  Built robot. Seems to work but needs some adjustment. It doesn't follow the ball the way it's supposed to.
  Possible environment issues. The robot kepy looking directly up at the lightbulbs instead of the
  tennis ball. Gonna need to do some more testing to get it working the way it needs to be. Possibly do
  some testing in a more natural environment (the tennis court).

Week 1
  (3 hours)
  Mostly met with group and discussed meeting times and split up work. Did some research into software of bot; 
  mostly how to get the bot to recognize a ball and movement. 
